Great job. As you may already know,
environment variables are a very important piece of the CI/CD puzzle.
Sending your name down from a project level
to a job through an environment variable is pretty cool,
but there are plenty of other applications.
Take secrets, for example.
Environment variables are a great way to store those secrets that are needed by any job.
Let's take a look together at my code below and see how you did.
Here's my very simple job code that takes
my environment variable from
the project environment variables and just prints it out on the screen.
I just want to point out that you are able to choose pretty much
any image as long as it supports the code that's going to be running in the steps.
So in this case it could have been a super lightweight alpine based image,
or it could have been a node image.
Here, I just chose c image base 2020.01,
but it could really be almost any image at all and right here,
this is my code that I'm actually going to run.
I've named it to be a
descriptive that we're going to echo an environment variable as part of our project.
Then just have the shell command that I want to run,
where it just echoes out this environment variable referenced with a dollar sign.